Add a mention to the V2 beta remote (#2735)
conan-io/docs: conan_v2.rst

    the more relevant changes.
  - **General changes** not related to the recipes nor the Conan commands, "build profiles", lowercase references... etc.

> If you are looking for precompiled binaires, there is a very short list in a seperate remote which can be added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking for precompiled binaries, there is a very short list in a separate remote which can be added
```

> If you are looking for precompiled binaries, there is a very short list in a separate remote which can be added
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking for precompiled binaries, there is a very short list in a separate remote which can be added (please, check the `Conan 2.0 documentation <https://docs.conan.io/en/2.0/index.html>`_ for more information)

```
